_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: manshi_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular 
  # address: >
  #   <p>555 your office number</p>
  #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
<!-- 
Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
<!-- 
My research interests are machine learning and reinforcement learning on graphs for multi-agents. My current research is focused on developing algorithmns to optimize strategic coordination/cooperation among goal oriented multi- agents using graph neural networks and multi-agent reinforcement Learning. I’m also interested in improving generalization and sample efficiency of learning agents, with focus on transfer learning and meta learning to optimize agents adaptibility to new tasks and environments.
-->

I'm 3rd year Computer Science PhD Student at George Mason University, where I'm advised by [Prof. Dr Xuesu Xiao](https://cs.gmu.edu/~xiao/) at [Robotixx Lab](https://cs.gmu.edu/~xiao/RobotiXX/lab.html) and [Prof. Dr Daigo Shishika](https://shishika.com) at [CRADL Lab](https://www.shishika.com). 

My research interests are machine learning and reinforcement learning on graphs for multi-agents. My current research is focused on developing algorithmns to optimize strategic coordination/cooperation among goal oriented multi- agents using graph neural networks and multi-agent reinforcement Learning. I’m also interested in improving generalization and sample efficiency of learning agents, with focus on transfer learning and meta learning to optimize agents adaptibility to new tasks and environments.

Previously I worked at [Fusemachines](https://fusemachines.com/) as Software/Devops Engineer. I completed my BS in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Tribhuvan University, Nepal.

Commit message:

Revise about page content and personal details
Updated research interests and background information.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: manshi_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular 
  # address: >
  #   <p>555 your office number</p>
  #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
<!-- 
Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
<!-- 
My research interests are machine learning and reinforcement learning on graphs for multi-agents. My current research is focused on developing algorithmns to optimize strategic coordination/cooperation among goal oriented multi- agents using graph neural networks and multi-agent reinforcement Learning. I’m also interested in improving generalization and sample efficiency of learning agents, with focus on transfer learning and meta learning to optimize agents adaptibility to new tasks and environments.
-->
<!-- 
My research interests are machine learning and reinforcement learning on graphs for multi-agents. My current research is focused on developing algorithmns to optimize strategic coordination/cooperation among goal oriented multi- agents using graph neural networks and multi-agent reinforcement Learning. I’m also interested in improving generalization and sample efficiency of learning agents, with focus on transfer learning and meta learning to optimize agents adaptibility to new tasks and environments.
-->

I'm Computer Science PhD Student at George Mason University, where I'm advised by [Prof. Dr Xuesu Xiao](https://cs.gmu.edu/~xiao/) at [Robotixx Lab](https://cs.gmu.edu/~xiao/RobotiXX/lab.html) and [Prof. Dr Daigo Shishika](https://shishika.com) at [CRADL Lab](https://www.shishika.com). 
My research studies multi-agent decision-making under uncertainty, with a focus on coordination, cooperation, and role allocation in adversarial environments. I am interested in how teams of goal-driven agents can reason about uncertainty, anticipate future conditions, and coordinate their actions effectively when the environment is non-stationary and partially unpredictable. My research is motivated by safety-critical applications such as robot teams, autonomous navigation, and defense-oriented coordination problems, where agents must cooperate reliably despite uncertainty, and robustness and interpretability matter as much as performance.


In my previous life, I worked at [Fusemachines](https://fusemachines.com/) as Software/DevOps Engineer. I completed my BS in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Tribhuvan University, Nepal and MS in Computer Science from George Mason University.
